# Credit-Card-Default-Detection
# Description
Credit card fraud is becoming increasing serious with the development of modern technology and the global superhighways of e-commerce. With the development of data mining and machine learning technology, machine learning methods have become a mainstream method to detect credit card fraud. Credit card fraudsters continuously try to come out with a new tactic challenged the present technology and system, which costs a lot of human resources and money to deal with. Therefore, a quick and accurate model that can distinguish a small number of credit card default transactions become essential for credit card providers and customers. In this study, a real-world dataset of European credit card transactions, with PCA transformation applied is being used. One common problem happened in this kind of research is the data tend to be imbalanced, that is, in the data set, the number of normal transactions is much more than the number of default transactions. If we apply traditional machine learning model without any modification, imbalanced data will often introduce bias which the accuracy of the prediction is not accurate. In this study, we used random oversampling, random undersampling, SMOTE oversampling and ADASYN adaptive synthetic sampling to deal with imbalanced data. And the model has been trained with Logistic Regression and Random Forest. 
# Code
main.ipynb contains all codes, including EDA, scaling the data, the logistic model and random forest model.
